README.MD, before:

# Activity Generator
Activity Generator is a simple app that can generate activities that you can do on your own anywhere in under 5 minutes.

The app was made without any third party libraries, only HTML, css, and vanilla JavaScript.

## Usage
Visit: https://keidyz.github.io/activity-generator/

Click the generate button and you'll be shown a simple activity that you can do on your own in under 5 minutes.

## Contributing
Feel free to contribute or add more activities.

You can do so by forking this repository, creating a branch in your fork, and then opening a [pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork) in this repository.

## Local usage
- clone the repository: `git clone git@github.com:keidyz/activity-generator.git` (or download it to your local)
- navigate to the downloaded folder
- open index.html in your preferred browser

## Inspiration and other notes
Before making this app, I was a senior IoT Engineer who mostly dealt with back-end code and systems but as I'm moving back to fullstack development, I realized that I needed to brush up on my front-end skills again and, thus, made this app.

There's also an [article](https://medium.com/@kzapra/creating-and-deploying-a-simple-vanilla-javascript-web-application-from-scratch-aea485a40d60) on Medium I wrote that is basically a tutorial on how this app was made.

The article covers everything including:
- Using Git (only the over simplified basics enough to get your code into a repository will be covered. Branching, CI, PRs, commit etiquette, and good practices will be on a different article)
- Creating the html side
- Styling the html with css
- Writing the javascript code to make it interactive
- Implementing certain methodologies and good practices
- Tackling responsive design to make the webapp comfortable to use with different sized screens
- Hosting the webapp on github pages

Feel free to read up on it.

Commit message:

Add content to README.MD indicating commit message styling preference

README.MD, after:

# Activity Generator
Activity Generator is a simple app that can generate activities that you can do on your own anywhere in under 5 minutes.

The app was made without any third party libraries, only HTML, css, and vanilla JavaScript.

## Usage
Visit: https://keidyz.github.io/activity-generator/

Click the generate button and you'll be shown a simple activity that you can do on your own in under 5 minutes.

Please make sure your commit messages start with a capital letter and is descriptive.

## Contributing
Feel free to contribute or add more activities.

You can do so by forking this repository, creating a branch in your fork, and then opening a [pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork) in this repository.

## Local usage
- clone the repository: `git clone git@github.com:keidyz/activity-generator.git` (or download it to your local)
- navigate to the downloaded folder
- open index.html in your preferred browser

## Inspiration and other notes
Before making this app, I was a senior IoT Engineer who mostly dealt with back-end code and systems but as I'm moving back to fullstack development, I realized that I needed to brush up on my front-end skills again and, thus, made this app.

There's also an [article](https://medium.com/@kzapra/creating-and-deploying-a-simple-vanilla-javascript-web-application-from-scratch-aea485a40d60) on Medium I wrote that is basically a tutorial on how this app was made.

The article covers everything including:
- Using Git (only the over simplified basics enough to get your code into a repository will be covered. Branching, CI, PRs, commit etiquette, and good practices will be on a different article)
- Creating the html side
- Styling the html with css
- Writing the javascript code to make it interactive
- Implementing certain methodologies and good practices
- Tackling responsive design to make the webapp comfortable to use with different sized screens
- Hosting the webapp on github pages

Feel free to read up on it.
